README.md, before:

# Speedshard - Stances

## Description

This mod is a rework of all ten stances found in Stoneshard plus `Hold the Line` which is now treated as a stance. With the following changes:

- Stances stay indefinitevely until weapon is swaped, unequipped or running out of Energy.
- Stances activation and deactivation does not cost a turn, it's just pure MP management.
- Stances can be deactivated by clicking the skill again, no need to switch layout to remove the stance buff.
- Normal attacks and blocking with a shield for `Hold the Line` restore 1 MP * stage only once a turn.
- Normal attack and blocking with a shield for `Hold the Line` reduces the number of stack by 1 once a turn as previously, but don't dissipate the buff.
- MP regeneration penalty scales with stages ( -5% / stages ).
- While a stance is active, you lose 1 MP / turn, unless you have `Stance Training`.
- Stances activation cost only 1 MP.

Other functionalities can be found in [Speedshard_Core](https://github.com/remyCases/SpeedshardCore), [Speedshard_MoneyDungeon](https://github.com/remyCases/SpeedshardMoneyDungeon) and [Speedshard_Sprint](https://github.com/remyCases/SpeedshardSprint).

## Installation

Since this mod was made through MSL, you first need to install it and then patching the game with it.
You can follow the official [installation guide](https://modshardteam.github.io/ModShardLauncher/guides/how-to-play-mod.html) on the MSL documentation.

A [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_J0oJYGi38E&t=13s&ab_channel=Nylux) was made by Nylux to show how to install Neoconsole, if you prefer a video guide.

### Installing MSL

- Download the latest release of [MSL](https://github.com/ModShardTeam/ModShardLauncher).
- Unzip it.
- (Optional) Rename the data.win file in the Stoneshard folder with an other name so you'll have a backup if something went wrong.

### Using MSL

- Download the latest `.zip` of [Speedshard - Stances](https://github.com/remyCases/SpeedshardStances/releases).
- Unzip it, you should have one file.
- Move the `Speedshard_Stances.sml` in the `MSL/Mods` folder.
- Run `ModShardLauncher.exe`.
- Click on the anvil icon on the leftside.
- Click on the folder icon on the topside. A dialog box should pop up.
- Select the `.win` file in the Stoneshard folder (`data.win` if you didn't rename it).
- Enable the mod by checking the `Enable` box.
- Click the floppy disk icon on the topside. A dialog box should pop up.
- In this dialog box, create a new `.win` file and save (`data.win` if you didn't rename it).

You can now play the game with the modded version !

## Troubleshooting

If you encountered some troubles while trying to patch your game, you can contact me on [Discord](https://discord.com/users/1291700720218931213), and send me the latest log file found in `MSL/logs`.

## See also

Other mods I've made:

- Stoneshard:
  - [Character Creation](https://github.com/remyCases/CharacterCreator)
  - [Pelt Durability](https://github.com/remyCases/Stoneshard-PeltDurability)
  - [MoreSaveSlots](https://github.com/remyCases/Stoneshard-MoreSaveSlots)
  - [Defeat Scenarios](https://github.com/remyCases/Stoneshard-DefeatScenarios)
  - [Guaranteed Uniques](https://github.com/remyCases/GuaranteedUniques)

- Shardpunk:
  - [Shardpunk-BiggerTeam](https://github.com/remyCases/Shardpunk-BiggerTeam)
  - [Shardpunk-Faster](https://github.com/remyCases/Shardpunk-Faster)
  - [Shardpunk-MoreSkillLevels](https://github.com/remyCases/Shardpunk-MoreSkillLevels)
  - [Shardpunk-RandomParty](https://github.com/remyCases/Shardpunk-RandomParty)

- Airship Kingdom Adrift:
  - [ProductionPanel](https://github.com/remyCases/AKAMod_ProdPanel)

- The Iron Oath:
  - [AllyFreeze](https://github.com/remyCases/TheIronOath-AllyFreeze)

Commit message:

[Minor] chinese translation and fixing stack bug

README.md, after:

# Speedshard - Stances

## Description

This mod is a rework of all ten stances found in Stoneshard plus `Hold the Line` which is now treated as a stance. With the following changes:

- Stances stay indefinitevely until weapon is swaped, unequipped or running out of Energy.
- Stances activation and deactivation does not cost a turn, it's just pure MP management.
- Stances can be deactivated by clicking the skill again, no need to switch layout to remove the stance buff.
- Normal attacks and blocking with a shield for `Hold the Line` restore 1 MP * stage only once a turn.
- Normal attack and blocking with a shield for `Hold the Line` reduces the number of stack by 1 once a turn as previously, but don't dissipate the buff.
- MP regeneration penalty scales with stages ( -5% / stages ).
- While a stance is active, you lose 1 MP / turn, unless you have `Stance Training`.
- Stances activation cost only 1 MP.

Other functionalities can be found in [Speedshard_Core](https://github.com/remyCases/SpeedshardCore), [Speedshard_MoneyDungeon](https://github.com/remyCases/SpeedshardMoneyDungeon) and [Speedshard_Sprint](https://github.com/remyCases/SpeedshardSprint).

## Installation

Since this mod was made through MSL, you first need to install it and then patching the game with it.
You can follow the official [installation guide](https://modshardteam.github.io/ModShardLauncher/guides/how-to-play-mod.html) on the MSL documentation.

A [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_J0oJYGi38E&t=13s&ab_channel=Nylux) was made by Nylux to show how to install Neoconsole, if you prefer a video guide.

### Installing MSL

- Download the latest release of [MSL](https://github.com/ModShardTeam/ModShardLauncher).
- Unzip it.
- (Optional) Rename the data.win file in the Stoneshard folder with an other name so you'll have a backup if something went wrong.

### Using MSL

- Download the latest `.zip` of [Speedshard - Stances](https://github.com/remyCases/SpeedshardStances/releases).
- Unzip it, you should have one file.
- Move the `Speedshard_Stances.sml` in the `MSL/Mods` folder.
- Run `ModShardLauncher.exe`.
- Click on the anvil icon on the leftside.
- Click on the folder icon on the topside. A dialog box should pop up.
- Select the `.win` file in the Stoneshard folder (`data.win` if you didn't rename it).
- Enable the mod by checking the `Enable` box.
- Click the floppy disk icon on the topside. A dialog box should pop up.
- In this dialog box, create a new `.win` file and save (`data.win` if you didn't rename it).

You can now play the game with the modded version !

## Troubleshooting

If you encountered some troubles while trying to patch your game, you can contact me on [Discord](https://discord.com/users/1291700720218931213), and send me the latest log file found in `MSL/logs`.

## Contributions and Thanks

- `Shero` for the Chinese translation.

## See also

Other mods I've made:

- Stoneshard:
  - [Character Creation](https://github.com/remyCases/CharacterCreator)
  - [Pelt Durability](https://github.com/remyCases/Stoneshard-PeltDurability)
  - [MoreSaveSlots](https://github.com/remyCases/Stoneshard-MoreSaveSlots)
  - [Defeat Scenarios](https://github.com/remyCases/Stoneshard-DefeatScenarios)
  - [Guaranteed Uniques](https://github.com/remyCases/GuaranteedUniques)

- Shardpunk:
  - [Shardpunk-BiggerTeam](https://github.com/remyCases/Shardpunk-BiggerTeam)
  - [Shardpunk-Faster](https://github.com/remyCases/Shardpunk-Faster)
  - [Shardpunk-MoreSkillLevels](https://github.com/remyCases/Shardpunk-MoreSkillLevels)
  - [Shardpunk-RandomParty](https://github.com/remyCases/Shardpunk-RandomParty)

- Airship Kingdom Adrift:
  - [ProductionPanel](https://github.com/remyCases/AKAMod_ProdPanel)

- The Iron Oath:
  - [AllyFreeze](https://github.com/remyCases/TheIronOath-AllyFreeze)
